As you may have heard, updated data protection laws will be launched across the globe (the biggest being the GDPR in Europe). The new GDPR regulations will replace the existing Data Protection Directive starting May 25, 2018. As a customer focused company, we highly value the privacy of our users. Therefore, we have worked hard to fully comply with these new requirements, both internally and externally. As part of our work, we also updated our Privacy Policy & Terms of Service.

For your convenience, we structured the new Privacy Policy & Terms of Service in an easy-to-read format. . Nevertheless, in order to spare you all the legal “mumbo-jumbo,” we wanted to summarize some of the main changes that we have implemented:

Supplying you with detailed information with regards to our use of cookies as part of your experience to keep track of your design preferences and create better designs for you.

If the European Union data protection laws applies to the processing of your personal data by Tailor Brands, you can exercise your European Union data subject rights.

Implementing systems, applications, and procedures to better secure your personal data.

These changes will apply to all existing users beginning on May 25th, 2018. New users will be subjected to these revised agreements immediately.

Please note that if you do not accept these updated conditions, you can always delete your account. You are given the final say regarding how (and whether) we process your personal data.

From all of us at Tailor Brands, we would like to thank you for trusting us with your information and choosing our platform to brand your business. We will continue upholding our high standards and working hard to provide you with the best service possible.



_______

If you have any questions or concerns, please reach out to our Support team, support@tailorbrands.com.

 
Thank you again for your trust
and together, we can continue building better brands.
 

Need help? 
We’re here for you, just hit reply and we’ll gladly assist you
with any questions you may have.

contact@tailorbrands.com
